shobhavati.kambar@accenture.com

13193644

2nd May

April - submit  myte 14 days before last day
Asset submission - 10 days before last day
decommission - 2 days before last day


2weeek after last - full and final settlement

alumini portal for further query after leaving accenture

vacation leave

Early release - 1month before -- 1april -- check with project 

Path: Please follow this path to action on the Employee Task. 
 Login to https://support.accenture.com -> Cases -> Click on the exit request -> Related Tasks -> Fill in the required details -> Submit.
Please select yes option if you have received leave encashment or gratuity from previous company, update the table with appropriate details. Post that, Click on "Mark as complete" and close the task.
If you have not received, then select - No option.
 
As usual you have to submit MYTE every forth night. But final MYTE you have to submit 14 working day before your LWD till the LWD. Missing time submission will impact your F&F settlement. If you need guidance on updating work schedule on MyTe, please refer to the rights and responsibilities document. (Submission of myTe has to be done 14 WD before your LWD including expenses)
Till LWD you have fill 9 hours and remaining u can leave blank

Note: If time sheet already grayed out till LWD then just submit it. Don't not modify anything.                                                   
For Asset submission, please drop an email to ITAsset_ASTChecklist@accenture.com 10 days before your separation date (LWD) to know your base location and further guidance on the same. To submit the assets on LWD, raise decommission request 2 days before the separation date.
Reward Points - please initiate redemption immediately after this call as you will lose access to redeem points 7 calendar days before your LWD date and there will be no exception.
 
For any queries on the details to be filled in there, you can reach out to Finance team by raising a ticket on https://support.accenture.com → Accenture Support → Human Resources and Payroll → Payroll → Ask Payroll.
 
Finance Conference call - You will get an email from the finance team (Before 10WorkingDays of your LWD) with the conference call invite, you can join this call to clear your finance queries. The subject line of the mail will be 'Exit Formality' and it is sent from Mailer.exit@gspdc.accenture.com.
For Payroll/ Finance Queries - Raise a request on https://support.accenture.com → Accenture Support → Human Resources and Payroll → Payroll → Ask Payroll.
 
Post your exit from Accenture 10 days , you can reach out to us for any queries or assistance related to your exit via Accenture Alumni Portal. To do so, you need to register to Accenture Alumni Portal by visiting https://www.accenturealumni.com, Click on “Register here, fill the required details in the form and click “Submit”.
 
 
Resignation acceptance letter-10 days before the LWD to your personal email id
Relieving letter and FnF statement (the timeline is 2 working days to 2 week after the LWD)



Emp ID –  13193644
Emp Name – Shikha Umesh Rao
Date of Resignation – 8th Feb 2025
Default LWD – 8th May 2025
LWD Requested – 2nd May 2025
Reason for early release – Conflict with joining date in new company.
Notice period treatment – time waiver and money waiver
Employee consent in case recovery – Yes
Date of join Accenture – 26 August 2021